{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 ContactCreator.service 1.2\

\f1\b0 ContactCreator is a service that will take whatever text you have selected and make an contact in your AddressBook from it.\
\
Just drop this in your ~/Library/Services folder, log out, log back in, and presto-chango! You can now do all the cool stuff we tell you about in this Read Me! If a Services directory doesn't exist in your Library directory, you should create one.\
\
ContactCreator 1.2 is a Universal Binary. How very modern of us.\
\
ContactCreator 1.1.1 will add any .Mac email address as an instant messenger entry, as well, due to popular request.\
\
ContactCreator provides two services.\

\f0\b ContactCreator/Add Contact
\f1\b0 \
	If it's only one word you have selected, it will automagically dump the word in the first name field of your new contact. If it's two words, it will automagically dump the two words in the first and last name fields of your new contact. If it's more than two, it will dump the whole lot in the Notes field of your new contact (which doesn't have a name). If you have an email address (well, something with an '@' symbol in it) selected, that will get dumped to the Home Email field. And if you've selected an email address that has brackets around it, the brackets will be stripped before it gets put into the email field of that contact (much like Add Sender to Address Book, in Mail.app's Message menu). That's just us trying to be helpful.\
        	If you select three items, and one happens to be an email address, it won't dump it *all* into Notes, but will dump them in First and Last Name, then the Home email address. Oh yeah, and websites get dumped into the contacts web site field, as well. Happy Birthday. Now, it's not perfect, and sometimes the results may look a little messy, but send us feedback on how you might like to see us handle results better and we'll try to accomodate.\
\

\f0\b ContactCreator/Add List of Contacts\

\f1\b0 	Now, if you select a list of address, separated by commas, you can use the ContactCreator/Add List of Contacts service to add the group of contacts to a new group called "ContactCreator Imported Group" in your Address Book.\
\
\
\
All of the additions to ContactCreator, and, in fact, the original version, all came from users like you, so please do send in your feedback, we're more than happy to take a look at suggestions for improving our software.\
\
See http://supertart.com/software/ContactCreator/ for more information and the license terms.\
\
It is covered under the Q.I. Software Public license.\
\
Also, if you'd like a copy of the source for this service, mail the contact address below, and you'd better have some pretty damn good reasons for wanting to see the source. Just kidding, you don't even have to have any reasons. How about 
\f2\i that 
\f1\i0 for a bunch of nice, friendly, hygenic developers?\
\
\

\f2\i software@supertart.com}